
Some FAQs about ham radio and this program


            Q: What's all this about?
   This is a new Hack Club you-ship-we-ship program. You can opt in to
            study as a community with our nightly.
<br>
            Q: I already have my license! Can I still get a radio?

         No, sorry, you cannot get a radio unless you level up.

            Q: What if I can't make it every night?

            Don't worry! You can still study on your own to make up.
                Make sure you are done studying and testing by May 31st to be
                eligible for the grant.

            Q: How do I take the test?

            To find your testing center, follow our upcoming guide! Hang tight
            for now.

            Q: How do I study for the test?

            To study for your test, click on the “study links” link in the
            navigation bar. This will be updated shortly!

            Q: How often do I have to renew it?

            Your ham radio license is valid for 10 years, and you can renew it
            for only $35 without taking the test again.

            Q: What does ham have to do with this?

            No, ham radios aren't made of ham - "ham" is a historical refrence,
            started as an insult by telegraph operators!

            Because this is amateur radio - of course
            you can hack your radio and program custom firmware!
            This will be required. Don't worry, we will offer guides to do
            this.

            Yes, colleges love this stuff! Ham radio is a great way to
            distinguish yourself from other students while having fun.

            If you want to go even further with your license, many counties and
            colleges offer local ham clubs - a great way to connect with your
            community!

            Ham radio is not just about having fun - it's also about doing
            service. Ham radio has been used in countless situations - like
            hurricanes - to save people's lives, coordinate local events
            like parades and marathons, and to aid in emergency communication.

            No, you cannot choose your callsign for free. If you wish to choose
            your license, you must pay $50 to get a custom callsign. This is not
            covered by this grant.

            Currently,
            this program is only available to students in the US. We have
            plans to expand in the future. If you would like to be an ambassador
            for your country, please email ham@hackclub.com.

            When you pass the test, you are going to get the highly-hackable
            UV-K5 radio.
